Avijit/build script mod (#382)
NervanaSystems/ngraph-tf: test/CMakeLists.txt

    set(NGRAPH_TF_CXX11_ABI 0)
endif()

# If pre-built tensorflow CC library is not provided, then build one.

> # TODO: Removethis option once we migrate to build_ngtf.oy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO: Remove this option once we migrate to build_ngtf.py 
```
